make component muteable and add revisionName (#356)
oam-dev/spec: 7.application_configuration.md

| Attribute | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
|-----------|------|----------|---------------|-------------|

> | `componentName` | `string` | N | | The name of the component of which to bind application configuration. Using componentName represent the ApplicationConfiguration always track the latest revision. |

Reviewer: it seems in the implementation, it's `component` not `componentName`?

Author: it's componentName, I confirmed

| `revisionName` | `string` | N | | The name of the component revision of which to bind application configuration. |
| `parameterValues` | [`[]ParameterValue`](#parameterValue) | N | | Overrides of parameters that are exposed by the application scope type defined in `type`. |
| `scopes` | [`[]Scope`](#scope) | N | | The scopes to be used in the component. A component joins a scope by referencing it. |
| `traits` | [`[]Trait`](#trait) | N | | The traits to attach to this component instance. |

> One of `componentName` and `revisionName` is required. Everytime when a component is changed, a component revision will auto-generated by OAM implementation and can be viewed by user.

Reviewer: This section is verbose to me. I'd suggest simply claim "the field X as mutually exclusive with Y" and explain everything in the table.

Author: thanks, let me fix it

| Attribute | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
|-----------|------|----------|---------------|-------------|

> | `componentName` | `string` | N | | The name of the component whose latest revision will be bind with application configuration. When the spec of the referenced component changes, ApplicationConfiguration will automatically migrate all trait affect from the prior revision to the new one. This is mutually exclusive with revisionName.|

Reviewer 2: why is the componentName not required anymore?

> | `componentName` | `string` | N | | The name of the component whose latest revision will be bind with application configuration. When the spec of the referenced component changes, ApplicationConfiguration will automatically migrate all trait affect from the prior revision to the new one. This is mutually exclusive with revisionName.|

Reviewer: Needs better wording.

```suggestion
| `componentName` | `string` | N | | The name of the component of which to create an instance. The revision of this instance will always reflect the latest change of the component (i.e. always track latest revision). This is mutually exclusive with revisionName.|
```

> | `revisionName` | `string` | N | | RevisionName of a specific component revision to which to bind application configuration. This is mutually exclusive with componentName. |

Reviewer: Sorry, better wording maybe.

```suggestion
| `revisionName` | `string` | N | | The name of specific component revision of which to create an instance, i.e. always stick to specific revision until this field is updated. This is mutually exclusive with componentName. |
```
